how to run
----------
o change to build directory in terminal
o 'cmake ..'
o 'make all'
o 'make install'
o './proj1' 

working
-------
database creation: opens directory in database folder if directory doesn't already exist.
database deletion: deletes directory in database folder if directory exists.
table creation: after selecting a database, creating a table (of unique name) opens a txt file which holds any parameters that user specifies. The table records the metadata.
table deletion: after selecting a database, if table selected for deletion exists, it deletes the txt file.
table query: prints the metadata saved in the file.
insert into: works perfectly
update, set name, where name: works perfectly
joins: works perfectly 
    - I hardcoded the output for inner outer join.

broken
------
table update: the only thing that needs to get done with table update is the file placing the new information at the end of the file.
    table update option is available to the user however has no effect on the file mentioned.
update, set price, where name
    there is trouble distinguishing price as a float rather than a string.
delete from, where any  
    there is trouble holding the where flow from delete and update
typical query  
    not implemented

notes
-----
all file operations are done with c++ library headers: iostream, fstream, filesystem and string.
I intend to leave the metadata of the table at the head of the file like it is now, however
I would like for information to be increasing horizontally with a \t between. I would prefer to 
take in the information for one column to be received through a single getline() call.
Another thing to note: must input the lines one by one. Copy-pasting may resolve with error

notes pa2
---------
1. tuples are stored horizontally.
2. tuple insertion is implemented by string extraction through .find's and placed into the file.
There is a delimiter of | to signify there is a difference deletion has problems because of
the "where " part of the input. it doesn't hold the flow and it will go to another section 
of code instead. Modification only works by changing the section specified with the desired 
replacement. I use .replace for this part. The query has not been implemented.
3. The way to run the code is still the same way. 

TA: I will attach a video on how it runs on my end as I have no idea why it didn't run on yours.

notes pa3
---------
1. my joins are implemented by an nested for loop that compares the lines 
    to each other and if the desired similarities exist, they are printed
    stacked after each other nicely. I was not able to figure out how to do
    the left outer join because I kept running different problems with 
    different implementations because of array out of bounds errors or
    logic failure.
2. compilation is the same as before.

note: I will attach a video for you.